hey there guys welcome back it is fresh
Roxy crazy and today I'm going to be
doing an anvil of black ops 2 emblem
video and this one is the first one that
I've done is going to be how to make the
wheelchair but I mean I've lost
tutorials out there so hopefully I can
be a few of those be more explanation or
and tell you guys how to do it and look
the best so as you guys can see them
I've got it right on here now as you can
see my other emblems are already bad I
deleted all my emblems and I let my
friend have a go at making some and as
you can see they're not the best but
anyway we're going to be making this
today which I did actually make
hopefully I don't forget how to make it
and let's get to it so obviously we're
going to go to new emblem and if you
guys didn't know a thing you do have to
have Xbox Live to do this but you've got
to be stupid if you don't know if I'm
afraid anyway guys so you want to pick
this round square which is a bit of a
weird round squared away you call it
around square and you want to stretch it
out a bit so then just leave some little
black edges around the edge they want to
duplicate it by pressing the back button
on the xbox controller or ps3 controller
and to paste it as you can see on the
screen and then you want to change it to
this middle dark blue and make it a
little bit smaller about that big and
for number three emblem3 or no layer 3
sorry we want to go down to a full
circle which is a normal circle and you
want to just put it near the bottom left
but overhanging all three other
quadrants as well as the bottom left
quadrant about that big will do now
again you want to duplicate it there's a
lot duplicating and you want to choose
it again as that color
and one weekend little bit smaller and
that's going to be the the wheel of the
wheelchair and the next thing you want
to choose is actually a like a triangle
sort of diamond yell at so on and you
want to make it this color the
background color things background color
as you can see we make a arc almost
almost semicircle in the wheelchair so
next we are going to make the body of
the person which is going we're going to
be selecting a rectangle medium I think
that's how you pronounce it I'm going to
just make a little smaller and I'll to
make it longer we're going to press our
s which is free scaling and we're just
going to make it a bit wider and a bit
thinner like so and then I'm just going
to make it a bit bigger again but make
sure you have enough room to fit the
head in as well so we're just making a
little bit smaller like so that should
do and now we want to get I think we
want to duplicate that so I should go
throwing out a duplicate and you want a
free scale it again and make it wider
that's not wider that's right it's the
same but make it a little bit smaller
about that log there's going to be the
leg of the guy so let's just pop that
down there and make it straighter there
we go okay now I want it straight as
possible
like so that looks bit weird okay that
should do and I you get the idea you
want to duplicate that once again and
put it as the leg looking down I tend to
keep this the same now what we may do is
actually make this a bit smaller because
so big looks fit there there you go and
you want to duplicate that again I
should know we go you want to go on to
tools and we want to take the rectangle
medium again make a bit smaller put an
angle on the leg as you can see the shoe
area so there we go now we're just going
to add the head of the guy which is
again a normal circle we're going to
make it a little bit smaller like that
looks a bit demented to be honest but
they all come together now we want to
duplicate one of these from earlier
probably this one you have to make it a
bit longer oh so so we can hold the gun
and now for the actual gun oops are we
doing that the actual gun making really
choose what guns up to you i recommend
an assault rifle and make sure you've
been locked it as well so i'm just going
to use the an-94 for now as that is my
favorite gun at the moment in black ops
2 now some guns work better than others
and just get it to the right size as
well and for the final touch we're
actually going to take this kiss here
I'm gonna make it a bit bigger and pop
it up here so it needs to be quite big
make sure you don't overlap the top left
and right of a little black bits at the
top and what you want to do is change
the opacity down to a bow let's say
twenty percent maybe yeah looks good so
let's make a bit down and there we go
guys so as you can probably see it's not
the best one that I've done with my have
to move this up a bit and there we go
that's better so it looks a bit better
hope you enjoyed this video that was
just a quick one and hopefully i'll be
doing more of these emblems if you did
enjoy make sure you do like as it always
helps helps every single youtube channel
out there I it really does help mine and
and yet again i hope you enjoyed this
video tell me in the comments what you
want to see next you want to see some
more at emblem tutorials if you'll see
some live com some stories over
gameplays or just some pure out really
good gameplay place for my friends or me
and i'll see you guys later if you're
not subscribe to the channel make sure
you do to keep up with all the updates
and i will see you guys next time if you
want to play with me on xbox my username
is multi xbox crazy